Verify felt template argument fields (#634)
Veridise/llzk-lib: doc/doxygen/03_syntax.md

- `index`: (MLIR builtin) Machine integer.
- `felt.type`: Finite field element.
- `array.type<N x E>`: Aggregate type with indexed [pseudo-homogeneous](\ref pseudo-homogeneous) elements. Element type cannot be another array type, instead multi-dimensional arrays are specified with a comma-separated list of dimension sizes. Each dimension size can be specified as an integer literal, a symbol (referring to a template parameter within a templated `struct.def`), or an [affine_map](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/Affine/#polyhedral-structures) (used when creating arrays within a loop where the dimension size depends on the loop iteration variable).

> - `struct.type<@Name<[...]>>`: Aggregate type whose named heterogeneous elements are declared by a `struct.def`. For a definition nested in a `poly.template`, an optional instantiation list supplies one argument per `poly.param` in declaration order; for a definition with no parameters, the list may be omitted or explicitly written as `[]`. An argument can be an integer literal, a felt constant such as `#felt<const 35>`, a symbol that resolves to an enclosing template parameter or global constant, a type used to instantiate a `poly.tvar<@N>` (see below), or an [affine_map](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/Affine/#polyhedral-structures) used when the argument depends on a loop iteration variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `struct.type<@Name<[...]>>`: Aggregate type whose named heterogeneous elements are declared within `struct.def @Name`. Generally correlates to components/functions in the source language. For a definition nested in a `poly.template`, an optional instantiation list supplies one argument per `poly.param` in declaration order; for a definition with no parameters, the list may be omitted or explicitly written as `[]`. An argument can be an integer literal, a felt constant such as `#felt<const 35>`, a symbol that resolves to an enclosing template parameter or global constant, a type used to instantiate a `poly.tvar<@N>` (see below), or an [affine_map](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/Affine/#polyhedral-structures) used when the argument depends on a loop iteration variable.
```

## Semantic Rules

- Each `array.new` operation creates a fresh mutable array allocation. Two identical `array.new` operations are not interchangeable when either result may be read or written. The same is true for `pod.new`.
- Felt constants and integer arguments can instantiate parameters on `struct.type`, templated
  free-function calls, and `verif.include`. A fieldless felt restriction accepts any felt field.
  For a fielded restriction, a fieldless felt constant or integer is materialized in the required
  field, while an explicitly fielded constant or symbol with a known field must name that same
  field; an untyped symbol cannot establish a required field. If a call or inclusion signature
  independently infers the same parameter, all known fields and concrete values must also agree.
  Symbolic arguments in all three forms must resolve to an enclosing template binding or a

>   constant global; unknown, mutable-global, and wrong-kind symbols are rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Felt constants and integer arguments can instantiate parameters on `struct.type`, templated free-function calls, and `verif.include`. A `struct.member` with a fieldless felt restriction accepts any felt field. For a fielded restriction, a fieldless felt constant or integer is materialized in the required field, while an explicitly fielded constant or symbol with a known field must name that same field; an untyped `struct.member` cannot establish a required field. If a call or inclusion signature independently infers the same parameter, all known fields and concrete values must also agree. Symbolic arguments in all three forms must resolve to an enclosing template binding or a constant global; unknown, mutable-global, and wrong-kind symbols are rejected.
```
